So we need to retrieve that token it would make sense to have a method and the officer of us which allows
us to do that to get access to that token.
So we'll add gets token here as a method.
And here I simply want to return something to firebase STK gives me back if I access firebase and they
are do you offer related methods.
We have a current user object here where we can call get a token and this will give us back does token.
However it will not give us back to tokens synchronously.
This instead is an asynchronous action.
Why.
Because firebase behind the scenes does not only retrieve the token from local storage which would be
a synchronous action but it will automatically check if the token is still valid and if it is invalid
because it expired it tries to give us a new one so it will actually reach out to the and automatically.
That's a nice behavior but that means that here we're only returning a promise.
So get token might not be the final method we need or not do everything we need.
But let's use it in the data storage.
We already have an injectable added to it so we can inject services and we already do.
Let's not also inject the off service here because we need to get access to those token right and we
do have to get a token method in the off service we just created it there.
Also make sure to add the import to the off service now when getting recipes.
We have to unhatched as token now to be able to do so.
We first of all need to get the token.
So for this I will reach out to the off service call gets token and then as I said this will give us
back a promise.
So its here and the response Mefford and the then case that we do in get indeed get such a token and
dis token here is now what we need to attach to our request.
However the issue we face is that if we simply say well OK we have a token.
Initially its an empty string right.
And and here we get back a token so we assigned that token here.
Okay we get a naming conflicts lets name it.
T.K..
And then we used this tape tokin after this call that won't work because of course the block is not
executed synchronously.
That will only happen once the data are returned or this function will only be executed once the data
returned.
So the tokened will not be available outside of this function immediately once we execute the get request.
So we should execute our get request inside of this callback.
You're right that gives us a problem that if we want to return that absorbable like we do install recipes
we wouldn't be able to because the observable is inside of a callback.
So all in all a great solution.
What can we do.
Well one way of solving this issue is I'm going to remove them lock to go back to the office service
and here I'll add a new property which I'll name token which will be a string.
And here I want to set the token and I will do this right at the beginning when we sign the user in.
So here I want to instantly call firebase all current user which is now set since we did sign in get
a token which has this promise.
And then I will simply wait for the token.
So eventually that will arrive.
And then I will assign it to the token here in my office service.
So this token equals token.
With that I now ensure that I have a token here and if the call gets token I will actually call the
get token method on my current user again and simply repeat this step of resetting the token.
But I will not wait for this to finish.
I will return the token.
And yes there is the danger of returning an expired token which would prevent the user from accessing
the backend.
Even though we might be able to refresh the token then you would have to try to implement some error
handling where you maybe give the user a hint of retrying again that is only a quick and easy solution
which should work fine for most use cases though.
So with that gets taken actually turns as a token as a string.
So now we can rely on that giving us back the tokens all store it here and a constant named token now
to authenticate ourselves to the back end and we need to add a query parameter to the route here and
then query parameter firebase will recognize this type of query parameter.
Now assign your token value a year and this should send token as part of the you are l firebase should
be able to parse that and hence identify you.
So I will log in again to get a new token since we changed the code and we need to log in once to store
this initial token and then if I fetch data we don't get an error.
So let's see if it worked.
If I remove my recipe here and I try fetching data super fast this seems to work.
So now the base authentication here is working.
Let's now also add this for the other method here store recipes and simply extract a token here too.
And you're also appended to the end of my u are l like this.
So with that we should be able to also save recipes.
Just make sure to log in again because remember your app was reloaded therefore the old token was discarded.
And if you sign in and then you hit save again.
Datchet also work at returns D.
Ok response.
Which means it did work without issues it updated this year.
Everything working fine.
We got our base authentication with firebase implemented